Remove outdated UI img and information (#22075)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/types/integration.md

1. Use the main navigation: *Monitors --> New Monitor --> Integration*.
2. Search for an integration or select it from the list or images.

### Integration metric

Create an integration metric monitor by following the instructions in the [metric monitor][3] documentation. Using the integration metric monitor type ensures the monitor can be selected by the integration monitor type facet on the [Manage Monitors][4] page.

> **Note**: The integration must submit metrics or service checks to configure an Integration monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: To configure an integration monitor, ensure that the integration submits metrics or service checks.
```

I am guessing that what's meant to be expressed here is "If you (the user) want to configure an integration monitor, that integration must submit metrics or service checks." The construction of the original sentence could be misinterpreted as the integration itself configuring an integration monitor.

Author: Thank you!!
